The order of the Dragon Emperor comes in person
Shangzhan Dun Guan
Kill the evil people
Do you want me to kill you?
How do you have the Dragon Emperor Order?
Kneel down for me
We are good people and don't need to kneel
How to deal with Brother Long
Let him slap himself 100 times and go back to his hometown in Beidu
Do you hear me go
There we go.
Young Master, who is this Shura?
The enemy invaded
Attack ten cities in a row
invincible
The Dragon Emperor
order in danger
The four gods of war
Fuel saving pump
Shura Shadow Killing God
Bloody leap
Take the entire enemy ship
Rework for half a year
Take down the capital city
Destroy the enemy
You said except who it is
How did Chu Long know Shura?
I don't know.
But I advise you to allow it not to provoke him
Or you'll die with no bones left.
There we go.
Young Master, what about your marriage to Yi Xue?
Do you think you will marry a stall?